>> Kyle Simpson: Let's
look at this example.
I am referring to the variable teacher and
then I am calling
the otherTeacher function, okay?
Everybody see that?
Now, the otherTeacher function
hasn't been defined yet, so
that otherTeacher function has hoisted,
it's available for us to use.
What's going to happen on line 5?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE].
>> Kyle Simpson: If you're thinking about
this only in terms of hoisting, you have
to remind yourself that the var teacher
from line 6 got hoisted up to line 4.5.
And therefore what's gonna get printed
on line 5 is actually undefined.
So that's why even with
the couple of lines of code,
we can trick you if you're not used to
thinking about this as a two pass system.
If you think about it
as a two pass system,
obviously there's a var
teacher in the blue bucket.
There's a blue marble called teacher
before otherTeacher ever has
the chance to run.
>> Kyle Simpson: So let's talk about
the difference between var hoisting and
function hoisting.
Because some will tell you
that all hoisting is bad, and
I will tell you that I think some
hoisting is useful and some is not.
On line 3, I am assigning to a variable
earlier in the scope then when
it's been var declared.
I have never met a person that
would say unconditionally,
I think that's a great coding style,
just do that all the time.
Almost universally,
people will agree it's not a great idea.
I've only ever found one exception in
all of my coding where that is something
that I wanted to do.
And it's more nuanced than
what we'll dive into here.
Almost universally, I don't want to assign
the variables earlier in a scope than
where I've declared them.
So I would agree with the predominant
majority in that case.
That's pretty rare, but I agree with
the majority in that case, okay?
But what about line 8?
Is this code so broken because I'm
calling getTeacher even though
the function declaration's at the bottom?
Many more people are familiar with,
or okay with, or
feeling comfortable with the function
hoisting than with the variable wasting.
So I would say it kinda depends.
You might think that function hoisting
is bad, but you might think is okay.
And I happen to think not only is it okay,
but its extremely useful for
code readability.
It's extremely useful to be able to
put the executable code at the top and
the functions at the bottom.